we've really got to work on your solo
gliding there buddy
toothless you're pouting big baby boo
well try this on oh you're feeling it
yet yeah you wouldn't hurt us one-legged
this is Berk life here is amazing
dragons used to be a bit of a problem
but now they've all moved in
let's tell you that you look amazing
snake as you do yeah and with Vikings on
the backs of dragons
the world just got a whole lot bigger
what happened here what could have done
this
I bet you think you know a lot about
dragons let me show you some what you
don't know can I know you know you are
only a babe but a mother never forgets
unbelievable
you've been rescuing
something is coming something you've
never faced before the Dragons are mine
protect our people that your destiny
what you're searching for in here
very dangerous are you kidding me
dragons and Vikings enemies again you
know that doesn't wash out